Server Side Public License (SSPL)
Version 1, October 16, 2018

Copyright Â© 2025 GreatSomething

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR THIS SOFTWARE:

This software is licensed under the Server Side Public License v1 (SSPL) with
the following additional restrictions:

1. PROHIBITION ON COMPETITIVE USE

   You may NOT use this software or any modified version of it to develop,
   distribute, or operate a competing product or service. A "competing product
   or service" means any software, service, or product that:
   
   a) Provides similar iMessage, SMS, or RCS messaging functionality
   b) Offers an SDK, API, or library for accessing Apple Messages on macOS
   c) Competes with the primary purpose and functionality of this software
   d) Is offered as a commercial product or service in the same market

2. PERMITTED USES

   You MAY use this software for:
   
   a) Internal business operations and automation
   b) Personal projects and non-commercial applications
   c) Educational and research purposes
   d) Integration into your own products where messaging is not the core feature

3. ENFORCEMENT

   Violation of these additional restrictions will result in immediate
   termination of your license to use this software.

---

Full SSPL License Terms:

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.

"This License" refers to Server Side Public License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works,
such as semiconductor masks.

"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License.
Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be
individuals or organizations.

To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work
"based on" the earlier work.

A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the
Program.

To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission,
would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable
copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy.
Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification),
making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.

To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to
make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network,
with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

13. Offering the Program as a Service.

If you make the functionality of the Program or a modified version available to
third parties as a service, you must make the Service Source Code available via
network download to everyone at no charge, under the terms of this License.
Making the functionality of the Program or modified version available to third
parties as a service includes, without limitation, enabling third parties to
interact with the functionality of the Program or modified version remotely
through a computer network, offering a service the value of which entirely or
primarily derives from the value of the Program or modified version, or offering
a service that accomplishes for users the primary purpose of the Program or
modified version.

"Service Source Code" means the Corresponding Source for the Program or the
modified version, and the Corresponding Source for all programs that you use to
make the Program or modified version available as a service, including, without
limitation, management software, user interfaces, application program interfaces,
automation software, monitoring software, backup software, storage software and
hosting software, all such that a user could run an instance of the service
using the Service Source Code you make available.

15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

For the complete SSPL license text, visit:
https://www.mongodb.com/legal/licensing/server-side-public-license

